This data is prepared by Xianbin Xu for 50_dental projects. It included the data for number of applicant, enrollee, and acceptance rate,
in and out of state. The data range is class of 2009 to 2021. 

It was organized in csv and dta as well. I used R for processing. I have included all raw data downloaded from 
https://www.adea.org/data/students/. By unzipping the file "raw data and code" and run the R script can compile automatically.

There are a few issues with the data:

1. Many names of the school changed in ADEA record. I have formatted all names as they appear in 2021 report, unless they are not found.
This is a list of schools that was in fact one school:

University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey New Jersey Dental School;
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey:
was dissolved in 2012. Most of its personnel formed Rutgers, University of New Jersey, dental school.
(Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Medicine_and_Dentistry_of_New_Jersey)

Georgia Regents University College of Dental Medicine;
Georgia Health Sciences University College of Dental Medicine;
Georgia Health Sciences University;
Medical College of Georgia;
They are actually dental school of Augusta University.

Baylor College of Dentistry:
It's dental school of Texas A&M University

2. There are some minor mistakes in original data. The state code for Conneticut was misspelled as "CN" in 2015 data. ADEA
moved Columbia University to Montana in one year. I have changed them within the code.

3. Two schools operate in two or more states.

Roseman University of Health Sciences College of Dental Medicine, according to their website, have compass in both
Utah and Nevada. Thus, There are two entries. However, their record does show that in one year only 
one of the two records have entries. 
It was not merged.

Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine (School of Dental Medicine): 
The address shows Pennsylvania, but there are entries showing them locating in New York in ADEA data.
They also have campus in Florida.
I did not merge these records.

4. I tried to include data from 2006 but have yet found way to copy their table--
they were embedded table in PDF and hard to be used directly. I didn't include them. The data therefore goes only from 2009 to 2021.